All right, so now we are almost completed our building of the chatbot.
But just that every single time when you ask any question, you see that the information is not really
streamed.
Rather it's just going to print in one full chunk every single time.
So in order for you to fix this particular problem, all you have to do it is you need to just stream
the response instead of just writing the response all in one single shot.
And the way you can actually stream this particular response is you need to change the way, uh, the
information is being printed to us, and that we can do using the stream operation.
So for the streaming operation, all you have to do it is instead of this invoke operation that we are
doing over here for every single time, I can actually do the stream operation.
But I also think that this particular way of invoking the the history from this runnable can be written
even better.
I mean, I wanted to write this as a method, to be honest, so I wanted to write something like this.
So def of probably invoke Uh, history.
And I'm going to pass a series of parameters in here.
So session light chain session ID and prompt.
So this is the parameter that I wanted to pass.
Yeah.
This code can remain exactly the same like how it is over here and over here I'm going to write a for
loop this time for the response I'm going to be getting in.
And I'm going to say history dot.
See that this is the streaming implementation.
So there is this um method called stream.
You remember this stream is not something we are using for the first time.
We have already did the streaming in our basic, um, section as well, while we were doing the stream
operation over here.
See that LM dot stream?
The same thing that I'm doing over here as well.
So I'm going to call the stream, uh, and I'm going to say, uh, the same thing that I'm going to
do, like prompt as the prompt that I'm getting in.
And I also need to pass the config, which is going to be this guy.
So I'm going to cut this code probably I'm going to paste it over here And I'm going to say for this
particular response while you stream it, just yield the response out.
See that this is the yield response, which means it is going to because this is streaming every single
time.
We need to do an yield response over here from the for loop.
Pretty cool.
So I think that that is what this particular method invoke history is going to do for us over here.
And now in order for me to invoke this method, invoke history, I don't really have to do it over here,
like how we were doing before.
I'm just going to get rid of that, and I'm going to keep all these pretty much exactly intact, because
we are going to be printing the user message immediately any time anyways.
But while we print the response from the assistant over here, we are going to print the streaming response.
So I'm going to say we are going to be.
So if the start chat message is going to be assistant then okay this guy can go down below over here.
If it's going to be assistant, then you do a stream response of st dot right stream.
See that we have got a right stream method.
And here I'm going to call the invoke history method which is going to take our chain obviously.
And then the session ID that we have got and the prompt that we're passing in.
So I'm going to pass all of these in the method.
That's the reason why I actually created this as a method.
Because it's even more more easier to pass within this particular write stream method by by calling
a method itself rather just like hand coding it.
And finally the session state dot chat history dot append.
The role is going to remain the same assistant over here, but for the content that we have got, we
need to print that via what is called as the stream response instead of the response that we we had
before.
That's all.
That's the only thing that we have to do over here.
Look at that.
That's the chord change that we have to make for making this as a streamable response.
Instead of getting like one chunk of message, which is a non stream version of it.
I mean, I have not made any change in here.
Instead of me writing it like a markdown of the response, I'm actually doing a write stream over here.
And then I'm going to add that, uh, that information, the chat history dot append.
I'm adding that information over here, the stream response because I need it for the next conversation
purpose.
And now if I try to run this particular code and let's see what's going to basically happen, I'm going
to start a whole new conversation over here.
And I'm not going to ask a question over here, like, how big, uh, is sun compared to moon?
So if I ask this, you will notice that this time we're going to get a streaming response as opposed
to like a chunk of message.
It's going to be printed every single time immediately, like after everything is ready.
So which is going to be taking a long lot of time because it is not going to give us, like all the
information immediately.
Rather, we have to wait for the methods to be ready from the LM.
Right now we are getting a streaming response over here, so we can probably ask a follow up question
as well over here.
Uh, how about, uh, Earth over here?
So look at that.
Now it's comparing sun, moon and Earth, and it's giving me all the responses over here.
How can you print them in tabular format.
So look at that.
Now it's printing in a tabular format for sun, moon and Earth.
So you will notice that this time all the historical information like chat, historical information
is being maintained.
And it is all printed for us over here, which is pretty cool.
So this ends our chatbot that we have to build.
I know there is one thing that we have to still build, which is the cosmetic change that I showed you
in the starting of this particular section.
We'll be doing that in our next lecture of this course.